University of Rijeka International Mobility Centre / Erasmus
Location:
University Campus
Buiding of the Faculty of Civil-Engineering, room G-033
Radmile Matejčić 3
HR-51000 Rijeka

Official address for regular mail: 
University of Rijeka
Trg braće Mažuranića 10
HR-51000 Rijeka, Croatia

Maša Šašinka, Head of International Mobility Centre, masa@uniri.hr
Brigita Gašparović, Head of the Office for Non-EU Mobility and Outgoing Staff Mobility, brigita.gasparovic@uniri.hr
Patrizia Pelčić, Head of the Office for Interinstitutional Cooperation and Outgoing Student Mobility, patrizia.pelcic@uniri.hr
Marijana Tomić Marinović, Head of the Office for Incoming Mobility, mtomic@uniri.hr 
Matea Lozančić, Head of the Office for International Student Support and International Education Programmes, matea.lozancic@uniri.hr

Faculty|Academy Erasmus coordinators
Academy of Applied Arts
Radovan Kunić
rkunic@gmail.com; radovan.kunic@apuri.uniri.hr

Faculty of Economics and Business
Nina Grgurić Čop, dr. sc.
nina.grguric.cop@efri.uniri.hr

Faculty of Humanities and Social Sciences
Ivan Majnarić, M. Sc.
ivan.majnaric@ffri.uniri.hr

Faculty of Tourism and Hospitality Management
Assist. Prof. Lorena Dadić Fruk, PhD.
lorena.dadic@fthm.hr

Faculty of Dental Medicine
Prof. Irena Glažar, dr. med. dent
irena.glazar@fdmri.uniri.hr

Faculty of Civil Engineering 
Assoc. Prof. Iva Mrak, Ph.D.

iva.mrak@gradri.uniri.hr

Faculty of Medicine    
Assist. Prof. Blažen Marijić, dr. med.
blazen.marijic@medri.uniri.hr

Faculty of Health Studies
Assist. Prof. Marija Spevan, PhD.
mspevan@fzsri.uniri.hr 

Faculty of Law    
Assoc. Prof. Stjepan Gadžo, Ph.D.

stjepan.gadzo@pravri.uniri.hr

Faculty of Maritime Studies
Assist. Prof. Jana Kegalj, Ph.D.
jana.kegalj@pfri.uniri.hr

Faculty of Engineering    
Assoc. Prof. Matej Fonović, Ph.D.
matej.fonovic@riteh.uniri.hr

Faculty of Teacher Education 
Assist. Prof. Morana Drakulić, PhD.
morana.drakulic@ufri.uniri.hr

Faculty of Biotechnology and Drug Research
Assoc. Prof. Christian Reynolds, PhD.
christian.reynolds@biotech.uniri.hr

 

Faculty of Physics
Assist. Prof. Maria Kolympadi Markovic, PhD.
maria.kolympadi@phy.uniri.hr

Faculty of Informatics and Digital Technologies
Assoc. Prof. Marija Brkić Bakarić
mbrkic@inf.uniri.hr 

Faculty of Mathematics  
Assoc. Prof. Vera Tonić, Ph.D.
vera.tonic@math.uniri.hr

Faculty of Speech and Language Pathology
Assist. Prof. Valentina Martan, PhD.
vmartan@uniri.hr